nh: add page (#19724)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/nh.md

# nh

> > Modern helper utility tool for the Nix/Nixos ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Modern helper utility tool for the Nix ecosystem.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/nix-community/nh#usage>.

> - Search for a specific package in Nixpkgs and limit its research to a specified number of items:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search for a package in Nixpkgs, limiting results:
```

`nh search {{[-l|--limit]}} {{number}} {{name}}`

- Re-implements the nix-collect-garbage command while also collecting gcroots:

`nh clean all {{[-a|--ask]}}`

- Build the specified nixos flake configuration and open it in a virtual machine:

> `nh os build-vm {{path/to/flake}} {{-H|--hostname}} {{host}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`nh os build-vm {{path/to/flake}} {{[-H|--hostname]}} {{host}}`
```

- Build and switch to the specified home-manager flake configuration:

`nh home switch {{path/to/flake}} {{[-c|--configuration]}} {{home}}`

- Build and switch to the specified darwin flake configuration:

`nh darwin switch {{path/to/flake}} {{[-H|--hostname]}} {{host}}`

> - Generate specified shell completion files into stdout:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generate shell completions for a specified shell:
```
